>> Richard Feldman: Excellent,
let's hop over to the exercise.
Go over to the exercise for
part four and open it up.
So for this exercise we're not
actually going to open the browser,
we're just going to take the stuff
we did in the previous exercise and
add annotations to it.
So in the read me it says, no need to open
index.html in your browser this time,
the exercise is only about compiling.
So we're gonna open
main.elm in our editor.
And what we'll see here is we've
got a bunch of to do's that
essentially have to do with type
annotations, and that's all.
So we're not actually changing
any of the logic here,
we're just sort of adding
documentation to what we already did.
So this first one is about
creating a type alias.
So we've got this sort of nested all
articles list that's got a bunch of
different fields in it.
We're gonna break that out and
give it a type alias called articles.
So this can just become list article.
And the remainder of the TODOs have
to do with adding annotations to
existing top level declarations.
So this initial model will add something
that says initial model colon and
then the type.
And then we'll do that several other
times throughout the exercise.